Added : In-App Messaging docs for RN (#3783)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/in-app-messaging/js/display-message.mdx

> In-app messages are displayed when an In-App Messaging or analytics event is sent and matches the criteria set forth by your active In-App messaging campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-app messages are displayed when an In-App Messaging or analytics event is sent and matches the criteria set forth by your active In-App Messaging campaigns.
```

## Analytics event

> Now that messages have been synced to your app’s users’ devices, Amplify In-App Messaging will allow you to start displaying them with Amplify Analytics events with no additional integration steps. Any events you record or are already recording using the `Analytics.record` API are automatically picked up and processed by In-App Messaging. If the event matches the attributes and criteria defined in an in-app message, that message will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that messages have been synced to your users’ devices, Amplify In-App Messaging will allow you to start displaying them with Amplify Analytics events with no additional integration steps. Any events you record or are already recording using the `Analytics.record` API are automatically picked up and processed by In-App Messaging. If the event matches the attributes and criteria defined in an in-app message, that message will be displayed.
```

```js
const event = {
  name: 'first_event',
  attributes: { color: 'red' },
  metrics: { quantity: 10 }
};

Analytics.record(event);
```

> If the event name, attributes, and metrics match the campaign you have setup in Pinpoint, you will be able to see the in-app message in your app.

Reviewer: Nit: Want to avoid talking about Pinpoint directly if possible as they are one of our plugins, not necessarily the only one forever.
```suggestion
If the event name, attributes, and metrics match those set forth by one of your In-App Messaging campaigns, you should see the in-app message displayed in your app.
```

## In-App Messaging event

In addition to or instead of Amplify Analytics events, you can also dispatch In-App Messaging events to trigger an in-app message display programmatically.

```js
const event = {
  name: 'first_event',
  attributes: { color: 'red' },
  metrics: { quantity: 10 }
};

InAppMessaging.dispatchEvent(event);
```

> If the event name, attributes, and metrics match the campaign you have setup in Pinpoint, you will be able to see the in-app message in your app.

Reviewer: Nit: Want to avoid talking about Pinpoint directly if possible as they are one of our plugins, not necessarily the only one forever.
```suggestion
If the event name, attributes, and metrics match those set forth by one of your In-App Messaging campaigns, you should see the in-app message displayed in your app.
```
